http/action/docs/asciidoc/dataobjects.adoc, before:

= Cheatsheets

[[EndpointOptions]]
== EndpointOptions

++++
 Describes a physical details of HTTP service endpoint that Action will connect to.
++++
'''

[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[additionalHeaders]]`@additionalHeaders`|`Json object`|+++
Sets the additional request headers (and values) to be send in each request
+++
|[[allowedRequestHeaders]]`@allowedRequestHeaders`|`Array of String`|+++
Sets the allowed requests headers that should be send to the service. The selected headers from
 the original client HTTP request are being send.
+++
|[[domain]]`@domain`|`String`|+++
Sets the <code>domain</code> of the external service
+++
|[[path]]`@path`|`String`|+++
Sets the request path to the endpoint.
+++
|[[port]]`@port`|`Number (int)`|+++
Sets the HTTP <code>port</code> the external service
+++
|===

[[HttpActionOptions]]
== HttpActionOptions

++++
 HTTP Action configuration
++++
'''

[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[endpointOptions]]`@endpointOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#EndpointOptions[EndpointOptions]`|+++
Set the details of the remote http endpoint location.
+++
|[[requestTimeoutMs]]`@requestTimeoutMs`|`Number (long)`|+++
Configures the amount of time in milliseconds after which if the request does not return any
 data within, _timeout transition will be returned. Setting zero or a negative value disables
 the timeout. By default it is set to <code>0</code>.
+++
|[[responseOptions]]`@responseOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#ResponseOptions[ResponseOptions]`|-
|[[webClientOptions]]`@webClientOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#WebClientOptions[WebClientOptions]`|+++
Set the <code>WebClientOptions</code> used by the HTTP client to communicate with remote http
 endpoint. See https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-web-client/dataobjects.html#WebClientOptions for
 the details what can be configured.
+++
|===

[[ResponseOptions]]
== ResponseOptions


[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[forceJson]]`@forceJson`|`Boolean`|+++
Sets forceJson - it determines if response body should be parsed as json
+++
|[[predicates]]`@predicates`|`Array of String`|+++
Sets Vert.x response predicates
+++
|===

Commit message:

Feature/http action logs (#61)
#85 Http Action log implementation.

http/action/docs/asciidoc/dataobjects.adoc, after:

= Cheatsheets

[[EndpointOptions]]
== EndpointOptions

++++
 Describes a physical details of HTTP service endpoint that Action will connect to.
++++
'''

[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[additionalHeaders]]`@additionalHeaders`|`Json object`|+++
Sets the additional request headers (and values) to be send in each request
+++
|[[allowedRequestHeaders]]`@allowedRequestHeaders`|`Array of String`|+++
Sets the allowed requests headers that should be send to the service. The selected headers from
 the original client HTTP request are being send.
+++
|[[domain]]`@domain`|`String`|+++
Sets the <code>domain</code> of the external service
+++
|[[path]]`@path`|`String`|+++
Sets the request path to the endpoint.
+++
|[[port]]`@port`|`Number (int)`|+++
Sets the HTTP <code>port</code> the external service
+++
|===

[[HttpActionOptions]]
== HttpActionOptions

++++
 HTTP Action configuration
++++
'''

[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[endpointOptions]]`@endpointOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#EndpointOptions[EndpointOptions]`|+++
Set the details of the remote http endpoint location.
+++
|[[logLevel]]`@logLevel`|`String`|+++
Set level of action logs.
+++
|[[requestTimeoutMs]]`@requestTimeoutMs`|`Number (long)`|+++
Configures the amount of time in milliseconds after which if the request does not return any
 data within, _timeout transition will be returned. Setting zero or a negative value disables
 the timeout. By default it is set to <code>0</code>.
+++
|[[responseOptions]]`@responseOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#ResponseOptions[ResponseOptions]`|-
|[[webClientOptions]]`@webClientOptions`|`link:dataobjects.html#WebClientOptions[WebClientOptions]`|+++
Set the <code>WebClientOptions</code> used by the HTTP client to communicate with remote http
 endpoint. See https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-web-client/dataobjects.html#WebClientOptions for the
 details what can be configured.
+++
|===

[[ResponseOptions]]
== ResponseOptions


[cols=">25%,25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[forceJson]]`@forceJson`|`Boolean`|+++
Sets forceJson - it determines if response body should be parsed as json
+++
|[[predicates]]`@predicates`|`Array of String`|+++
Sets Vert.x response predicates
+++
|===
